CBR (Constant Bit Rate) vs VBR (Variable Bit Rate)
	Opinion 1
		It depends on the use case, but for your specific situation — probably not worth switching.
		The case for VBR:
			More efficient — quiet passages use fewer bits, complex passages use more
			Can achieve better quality at the same average bitrate as CBR
			Generally preferred for new encodes from lossless sources (FLAC, WAV)
		The case for sticking with CBR/matched bitrate:
			You're transcoding lossy → lossy (WMA → AAC). The source already has artifacts baked in — VBR's efficiency gains are largely wasted trying to encode already-degraded audio
			Matching the source bitrate with -b:a is the more honest approach — you're not inventing quality that isn't there
			Predictable file sizes
			Broader device/player compatibility (some older hardware is picky about VBR AAC)
		The nuance:
			If your WMA files are at a high bitrate (256k+), you could argue that transcoding to VBR AAC at -q:a 1 might produce a slightly cleaner output. But the difference is academic — you've already lost quality in the original WMA encode, and AAC is generally more efficient than WMA anyway, so even CBR AAC at the same bitrate tends to sound at least as good.
		Bottom line: Your current script — extracting the source bitrate and matching it — is a sensible, pragmatic approach for a batch conversion tool. Switching to VBR adds complexity without meaningful benefit in a lossy-to-lossy workflow.
	Opinion 2
		CBR
			Uses the same bitrate throughout the file (e.g., constant 192 kbps)
		VBR
			What is 'quality-based VBR encoding'?
				Quality-based VBR (Variable Bit Rate) encoding is an advanced audio encoding method that adjusts the bitrate dynamically based on the complexity of the audio signal.
			Varies the bitrate based on what the audio needs
			How Quality-based VBR works:
				Simple passage (e.g., silence)     → Lower bitrate (e.g., 32 kbps)
				Complex passage (e.g., orchestra)  → Higher bitrate (e.g., 320 kbps)
			Benefits of Quality-based VBR:
				Better Quality-to-Size Ratio:
					Uses more bits when needed
					Saves space on simple passages
					Overall more efficient
					Quality Consistency:
						Maintains consistent perceived quality
						Rather than consistent bitrate
						Better for variable content
						File Size Benefits
	Use CBR when:
		- Streaming is primary use
		- Device compatibility is uncertain
		- Exact file size is important
	Use VBR when:
		- Quality is priority
		- Storage space is limited
		- Content has varying complexity
	To verify VBR encoding is working:

	# Before conversion, add -t 30 to test with just first 30 seconds
	ffmpeg -i "input.wma" -c:a aac -q:a 2 -map_metadata 0 -movflags +faststart -t 30 "test_output.m4a"

	# Then check the output file's properties
	ffprobe -i "test_output.m4a" -show_format | grep bit_rate


	How can I check AAC encoder available?  Are there preferences?
	Let me help you check available AAC encoders and explain their differences.
AAC Encoders
	To check which AAC encoders are available in your FFmpeg installation:
		ffmpeg -encoders | grep aac
			A....D aac_mf               AAC via MediaFoundation (codec aac)
	AAC Encoder Preferences (from best to basic):
		libfdk_aac (Fraunhofer FDK AAC):
			Highest quality
			Best VBR implementation
			Not included in standard FFmpeg due to licensing
			If available, use like this:
				# High Quality VBR
				ffmpeg -i input.wma -c:a libfdk_aac -vbr 3 -map_metadata 0 -movflags +faststart output.m4a
			VBR quality scale: 1 (highest) to 5 (lowest)
			Scale: 1 to 5, where higher = better (opposite direction)
			Highest quality: -q:a 5
		aac (Native FFmpeg AAC - default):
			Included by default
			Quality has improved significantly
			Decent VBR implementation

			# High Quality VBR
			ffmpeg -i input.wma -c:a aac -q:a 2 -vbr on -map_metadata 0 -movflags +faststart output.m4a
			VBR quality scale: 0.1 (highest) to 6 (lowest)

			FFmpeg's Quality Scale for AAC:
				-q:a VALUE    Where VALUE ranges from:
					0.1 = Highest quality (larger file)
					1   = Very good quality
					2   = Good quality (recommended)
					4   = Medium quality
					6   = Low quality (smaller file)
				Native aac encoder (-c:a aac)
					Scale: 0.1 to 2, where lower = better
					Highest quality: -q:a 0.1
				When you specify -c:a aac without explicitly choosing an encoder
				-q:a 2 will engage VBR mode
				Quality range is 0.1 (highest) to 6 (lowest)
				Will produce true VBR output
		aac_mf encoder
			Scale: 1 to 5 (approximately), where lower = better
			Highest quality: -q:a 1
		libmp3lame (MP3, for reference)
			Scale: 0 to 9, where lower = better
			Highest quality: -q:a 0
Conversions
	Flac to AAC
		Low Priority
		Loss of Quality
		Beginning point
			ffmpeg -i "%~1" -c:a aac -b:a 192k "%OUTPUT_FILE%"
	FFMpeg Options
		-ar 44100
			Forces the output sample rate to 44,100 Hz. Most music is already at 44.1kHz, so this is usually a no-op. It matters when:

			Source is at 48kHz (common with audio ripped from video/TV sources)
			Source is high-res at 96kHz or 192kHz

			For a pure music library, 44.1kHz is the standard (CD quality). If your files came from music sources they're almost certainly already 44.1kHz, so -ar 44100 would be redundant. You can safely omit it unless you know you have mixed sample rates.
		-af aresample=resampler=soxr
			This only activates if a sample rate conversion actually happens. If input and output are already the same rate, it does nothing.
			When resampling is needed, ffmpeg's default resampler (swr) is decent but SoX Resampler (soxr) is considered higher quality — better frequency response, lower noise during the conversion math.
			The catch: soxr support is a compile-time option. It's included in most standard ffmpeg builds (the official ffmpeg.org builds have it), but not guaranteed.
		-movflags +faststart
			Moves the MP4 index (moov atom) to the beginning of the file instead of the end. Useful for streaming/web playback — lets a player start before the file fully downloads. For a local music library it doesn't matter much, but it's harmless and considered good practice.
		-c:v copy
			Copies the video/art stream as-is without re-encoding it.
			This way:
				If album art exists → it's preserved
				If no art → ffmpeg just skips it, no error
			One caveat: Occasionally WMA files store art in a format that doesn't map cleanly into M4A. If you ever see warnings about video stream incompatibility, you can re-encode the art specifically:
				-c:v mjpeg
			But -c:v copy works the vast majority of the time and is the right default for a batch script.
		-map_metadata 0
			Copies all metadata (artist, album, title, year, etc.) from the input file to the output. This one is worth adding — without it, tags can be dropped or inconsistently carried over depending on the container.
